Web site name : https://www.alchemindssolutions.com/
Software company name : alcheminds
We Build digital products for your success
Alcheminds Solutions is aiming to make the business transition their IT toa Service Oriented Architecture
Innovative Solutions for Business Growth
Empowering businesses with cutting-edge strategies, advanced technologies, and seamless solutions for unparalleled success.
Services are : Cloud Migration AI/ML Development Software Development Business Development
Cloud Migration : eamless transition of applications, data, and infrastructure to cloud environments for scalability and efficiency.
AI/ML Development : Empowering innovation with AI/ML solutions through advanced development, seamless integration, and transformative automation.
Software Development : Transforming ideas into reality with innovative, efficient, and scalable software development solutions for businesses.
Business Development : Driving growth through strategic partnerships, market expansion, client acquisition, and innovative business opportunities.
Why Alcheminds Solutions is best in the field : We have highly skilled engineers with excellent technical knowledge and experience in using the latest software standards. We have built a large pool of knowledge that we apply to deliver solutions that meet client's needs, expectations and budget. By putting our clients at the heart of everything we do, we are proud that we are still supporting our very first business client.

Our experience in various business verticals/domains and different technologies allows us to serve customers of all sizes around the world, providing them with custom software development; product development in web, mobile or client server environments; or software maintenance and QA. In addition, we serve customers with back-office requirements.
Products  are listed below :
EduKare : EduKare software is a comprehensive and innovative solution designed to streamline and enhance various aspects of the education sector. It leverages technology to improve the efficiency of educational institutions, promote effective communication, and enhance the overall learning experience for students.
DentalKare : Dental care software is a specialized digital solution designed to optimize and enhance various aspects of dental practice management and patient care. It leverages technology to streamline administrative tasks, improve communication, and facilitate better patient interactions within dental clinic or practices.
LogBucks : Time log, hourly rate, billing software is a specialized digital solution designed to simplify and streamline the process of tracking billable hours, calculating fees based on hourly rates, and generating accurate invoices for services rendered particularly valuable for professionals who charge clients.

India Address : 23-10-50/7A, Maruthi Nagar,

Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh, India

517501

Phone: +91 877 2289 456

info@alchemindssolutions.com

USA Address : 

11539, Park Woods Circle,

Suite 102, Alpharetta, GA, USA

30005

Phone: +1 404 508 5757

info@clouddatanetworks.com









